Peace of Mind Brewing
4.9
(253)
Brewery·


Sharron Downs
3 months ago
Peace Of Mind Brewing now serves coffee in the morning. I will say I have been each each weekend during this month of February. I feel in love with the lavender haze latte with oat milk and today I stepped out and tried the Rose Chai Latte with Soy milk. Let me say OMG! WOW burst with flavor. This combination is so amazing.
They see beer in the evenings. They have karaoke and pool tables big screen tv and it’s a wonderful place to stop by eat chill and enjoy friends. I highly recommend this business establishment. The owner Brandon is amazing and his staff is amazing as well! This is a really hidden gem which is now exposed to greatness! Stop by in the morning and then come back in the evening after work on the way home for a quick chill pick me up! You will enjoy and not regret it! This is the best move you will make coming here! Enjoy

Hours 10 hours a day opened! Plenty of parking easy in/out.


Jeff
6 months ago
We came here for an event thrown by friends. The staff member was very friendly and helpful, and we had a great time at the brewery. Dogs are welcome, and it’s a very low key and comfortable place to hang out! It was nice they allowed the event to happen there!

Robert Porter
2 months ago
Beer was awesome did a flight of love and haze, nakatomi porter, the ruby soho (which I’m told is brand new today! Very good) and the xenowort all very delicious craft beers! Bartender was very down to earth! Highly recommend if you’re looking for some scrumptious beers.


Nick Vinther
3 months ago
My favorite brewery is now my favorite coffee shop! Cozy atmosphere, super friendly staff and delicious beverages. Coffee is served in the morning, making POMB an anytime hangout. An americano is my go to and POMB makes some darn good espresso. A great destination for remote work, meetings, board games or darts. The room is dog friendly, though my dog is not always friendly so he stays home and I get a pup cup to go and it is always much appreciated.