Wingstop
3.7
(65)·$10–20
Chicken wings restaurant·

Jimmy Wu
3 months ago
I had to wait 3 hours for my order!!!

I placed a large Super Bowl pickup online Thursday with a 2:00 PM Sunday pickup. I arrived at 2:15 and the line was out to the parking lot — understandable for the game — and I waited while staff re-validated online orders after a system crash. I was second in line to have my ticket printed, but an hour passed while they printed and fulfilled many orders placed after mine. Around 3:15 I asked if they could note pickup times on tickets so cooks could prioritize longtime waiters; I was told no and left the line because my ticket was supposedly next. By 4:30 a customer loudly asked about his 3:30 order and the manager personally took his info and clearly made an exception. When I politely reminded the manager I’d been waiting since 2:15 for my 2:00 order, he asked for my name and threatened to cancel my order. Other customers spoke up on my behalf, a staff member finally took my name and prioritized me, and I didn’t receive my food until about 5:00 — three hours late and an hour and a half late to my own party. The manager’s attitude was rude and unprofessional; I felt humiliated and inconvenienced. The staff who helped were the only redeeming part. I won’t be returning and wouldn’t recommend this place for large, time-sensitive orders.
Price per person
$100+
Service: 1


Sogand
3 months ago
The girls are super friendly, Chantel answered all our questions and even gave us sauce recommendations, I had such great experience
Food was amazing
Food: 5
Service: 5
Atmosphere: 5




Mary Homez
9 months ago
I feel bad cuz I supposed to have a date with my partner. And i place the order through the phone. 20 regular bbq wings and fries and ranch and when i got home after a almost 20 mins drive to pick up the order. The wings were spicy korean bbq super spicy. I spoke with Chris the manager and he told me that they were super busy but they can give me only the wings  the fries obviously were super cold when i got home. My partner didn’t want to eat and it was a really bad experience… just make sure to get what you ordered.
Food: 1
Service: 1
Atmosphere: 1


HL
a year ago
I’ve never been to wingstop before and wow. If all workers give service like this young gentleman Kevin over here, consider me a lifelong customer. He is so friendly and gave me great service!
Food: 3
Service: 5
Atmosphere: 4


Joey McBrady
4 months ago
Consistently forgetting multiple items with no way to complain or get a refund
Food: 1
Service: 3
Atmosphere: 2